chore: Update CONTRIBUTING.md (#501)
foundation-model-stack/fms-hf-tuning: CONTRIBUTING.md

Guide](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/guide/github-workflow.md)
from Kubernetes.

When your contribution is ready, you can create a pull request. Pull requests are often referred to as "PR". In general, we follow the standard [GitHub pull request](https://help.github.com/en/articles/about-pull-requests) process. Follow the template to provide details about your pull request to the maintainers. 
1. It's best to break your contribution into smaller PRs with incremental changes, and include a good description of the changes in the PR description. 
2. We require new unit tests to be contributed with any new functionality added.

> 3. We require each feature to be documented as part of the PR. If certain feature is experimental and not documented it will be announced as a dev preview.

Reviewer: 4. We require any new unit tests that are `gated` by conditions such as package availability must be executed, and details of those along with a screenshot of the test results should be included in the PR description.

This is something which came up just today while reviewing #514

Author: added

> 3. We require each feature to be documented as part of the PR. If certain feature is experimental and not documented it will be announced as a dev preview.

Author: ```suggestion
3. We require each feature to be documented as part of the PR. If certain feature is experimental and not documented it will be announced as a dev preview.
4. We require any new unit tests that are gated by conditions such as package availability must be executed, and details of those along with a screenshot of the test results should be included in the PR description.
```

> 3. For any new feature or capability, documentation is a MUST. Features will not be announced in releases without documentation on how to use them. This is common practice in any open-sourced repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. We require each feature to be documented as part of the PR. If certain feature is experimental and not documented it will be announced as a dev preview.
```

@Ssukriti droppint the last line to make this more clear and added that non documented features are dev previews not official releases let me know what you think.

- Follow the project coding conventions
- Write detailed commit messages
- Break large changes into a logical series of smaller patches, which are easy to understand individually and combine to solve a broader issue

> - Ensure documentation is added on "how to use" for any new capabilities. Ensure follow-up issues are created for documentation and that feature is documented before announcing release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure documentation is added on `how to use` any new capabilities. Ensure follow-up issues are created for documentation and that feature is not officially released without full documentation.
```

> Ensure documentation is added on `how to use` any new capabilities. Ensure follow-up issues are created for documentation and that feature is not officially released without full documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ensure documentation is added on `how to use` any new capabilities.
- Ensure follow-up issues are created for documentation and that feature is not officially released without full documentation.
```

Missed last time.
